If you told me two years ago that I'd be moving where the need was greater, I would have laughed.
It all started when they announced a special preaching campaign.
My friend Samuel encouraged me to apply with him.
So, what'd you think?
Er, yeah.
No, but you enjoy that.
I know you're gonna love it. That's why I got you a form as well.
All right, we can do this.
Okay.
I knew I could do more, but I was comfortable.
I like doing things on my own terms.
But really, I was afraid of the unknown.
I needed to examine my heart.
When I read about Abraham's faith at Hebrews 11-8,
it's like the words jumped off the page.
He went out, although not knowing where he was going.
Who better to be in control of my life than Jehovah?
A door was open to me.
I just needed to go through it.
And what I experienced changed my life.
The results of the campaign were incredible.
And the experience pushed me out of my comfort zone.
All right, Gabe, I'm gonna trust you.
I saw the ministry in a new way, and I wanted to do more.
So I calculated the cost and worked with my local elders
to write to the branch office.
When I heard back with some suggestions,
I prayed about it and did research before choosing.
There were many unknowns, but I couldn't wait.
It was hard to say goodbye to my friends,
but I was ready for whatever Jehovah had installed me.